Firefox 3.5 beta 99 – Get Multitouch Gestures Back!
Published on June 09, 2009.
I just updated to the newest beta of Firefox 3.5 and it’s apparently beta 99.
This is pretty funny because the previous one was 4.
I think it’s just an indicator that they’re pretty close to a release candidate.
One thing I really like about Firefox (at least these beta versions) is that they support multitouch gestures on my Macbook Pro.
Pinching zooms out, un-pinching (spreading?) zooms in, three finger swipe up goes to the top of the page and three finger swipe down goes to the bottom.
This is really cool.
One of the weirder ones is that twisting with two fingers lets you go back and forth between tabs.
I thought it was wacky at first but now I think it’s very useful.
For some reason, the default value for this gesture is disabled in the newest version (beta 99).
It’s also disabled in Shiretoko, the nightly build.
I tried looking in the preferences to control this but they weren’t in there.
Then I remembered about:config.
To get the twist thing back, type “about:config” into the address bar.
Then find the settings that say “browser.gesture.twist” The setting for “browser.gesture.twist.left” should be “Browser:PrevTab”Â and the one for .
right should be “Browser:NextTab” like so:
Voila! Your twisty tab changing gestures will be back!